feat(coprocessor): add conditions on coprocessor stages (#5557)
apollographql/router: .changesets/feat_bnjjj_feat_condition_copro.md

> ### feat(coprocessor): add conditions on coprocessor stages ([PR #5557](https://github.com/apollographql/router/pull/5557))
> 
> Adding support of conditions on coprocessor stages (except for `Execution` service) based on existing [conditions](https://www.apollographql.com/docs/router/configuration/telemetry/instrumentation/conditions/) we already have in the router for custom telemetry. Including usage of existing [selectors](https://www.apollographql.com/docs/router/configuration/telemetry/instrumentation/selectors/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### feat(coprocessor): Support conditional coprocessor execution per stage of request lifecycle ([PR #5557](https://github.com/apollographql/router/pull/5557))

The router now supports conditional execution of the coprocessor for each stage of the request lifecycle (except for the `Execution` stage).

To configure, define conditions for a specific stage by using selectors based on headers or context entries. For example, based on a supergraph response you can configure the coprocessor not to execute for any subscription:
  
```
